azure/README.md, before:

# azure-terraform-vault-workshop
This repo contains Terraform code for standing up a HashiCorp Vault training lab on Microsoft Azure. You can use it for a half-day Terraform workshop, a half-day Vault workshop or combined day-long workshop covering both. To set up and run either or both workshops, simply follow the instructions below.

### Lab Setup
1. Clone or download the code from here: https://github.com/hashicorp/se-terraform-vault-workshop
1. Open a terminal and cd into the azure-terraform-vault-workshop/azure directory
1. Copy the settings in `terraform.tfvars.example` into a `terraform.tfvars` file. Set the prefix variable to your name. This is the only required setting. You can also change the location variable to the Azure region nearest you.
1. Uncomment the code in main.tf (or simply copy over it with main.tf.completed)
1. Uncomment the code in outputs.tf (or copy from outputs.tf.completed)
1. Run `terraform plan` and then `terraform apply`
1. Go get some coffee. It takes roughly 8-10 minutes to provision this environment on Azure.
1. When the setup is done, follow the steps listed in the Terraform output.

### Note for Instructors:
If you're teaching this workshop to a class, head on over to the [Instructor Notes](INSTRUCTOR_NOTES.md) page.

Commit message:

Update README with note about Intro to TFE course [ci skip]

azure/README.md, after:

# azure-terraform-vault-workshop
This repo contains Terraform code for standing up a HashiCorp Vault training lab on Microsoft Azure. You can use it for a half-day Terraform workshop, a half-day Vault workshop or combined day-long workshop covering both. To set up and run either or both workshops, simply follow the instructions below.

There is also an Intro to Terraform Enterprise (beta) workshop in [Appendix A](https://hashicorp.github.io/se-terraform-vault-workshop/azure/terraform/#111). This workshop can be done together with the OSS intro workshops, or as a stand-alone training.

### Lab Setup
1. Clone or download the code from here: https://github.com/hashicorp/se-terraform-vault-workshop
1. Open a terminal and cd into the azure-terraform-vault-workshop/azure directory
1. Copy the settings in `terraform.tfvars.example` into a `terraform.tfvars` file. Set the prefix variable to your name. This is the only required setting. You can also change the location variable to the Azure region nearest you.
1. Uncomment the code in main.tf (or simply copy over it with main.tf.completed)
1. Uncomment the code in outputs.tf (or copy from outputs.tf.completed)
1. Run `terraform plan` and then `terraform apply`
1. Go get some coffee. It takes roughly 8-10 minutes to provision this environment on Azure.
1. When the setup is done, follow the steps listed in the Terraform output.

### Note for Instructors:
If you're teaching this workshop to a class, head on over to the [Instructor Notes](INSTRUCTOR_NOTES.md) page.
